RHINENG-17952: Add instructions for using local code with Ephemeral na… (#2532)
RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory: README.md

```bash
SP_FIELDS_TO_LOG = "cpu_model,disk_devices"
```

### Debugging Local Code with Services Deployed into Kubernetes Namespaces

> To make local code work with the services running in Kubernetes requires some actions provided [here](docs/debug_local_code_targeting_ephemeral_namespace.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making local code work with the services running in Kubernetes requires some actions provided [here](docs/debug_local_code_targeting_ephemeral_namespace.md)
```
